c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.xr.xml
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.exe
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.pdb
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.dll
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Phone.dll
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Store.dll
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Phone.pri
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Store.pri
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.exe
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.pdb
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Phone.pri.xml
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Store.pri.xml
c:\users\jackys\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\App.xbf
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.xr.xml
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.exe
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.pdb
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\resources.pri
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.build.appxrecipe
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.dll
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Phone.dll
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Store.dll
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Phone.pri
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Store.pri
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\App.xaml
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\App.xbf
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.exe
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.pdb
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\LoneWorkerPoC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Phone.pri.xml
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Band.Store.pri.xml
D:\GitHub\lone-worker-poc\LoneWorkerPoC\LoneWorkerPoC\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
